Another very short lecture
on how KMS is integrated with the SSM parameter store.
So we know we can use KMS keys to actually encrypt
and decrypt the parameters
in the parameter store of type secure string.
So here we pass in the parameter value.
For example, the API Key,
and the SSM parameter store will automatically
call the KMS service to encrypt it
and get back the encrypted value of that parameter.
Now, there are two types
of secure string parameters in the SSM parameter store.
The first one is the standard.
And so all these parameters will be encrypted
using the same KMS keys,
but if you're using the advanced type of parameter,
they can actually be bigger
than what KMS allows for encryption.
And so therefore, each parameter is going
to be encrypted thanks to encryption envelope.
So using a unique data key, and this is the concept
of encryption for advanced type of parameters.
So to encrypt it,
we simply specify the KMS key we wants,
if it's a custom one,
or we can use the AWS-managed key, the AWS SSM key.
It only works for symmetric KMS keys
and all the encryption will happen within KMS.
So to make sure that we can access a parameter
in the parameter store that has been KMS encrypted,
we must have access to both the KMS key
and the SSM parameter from an IAM perspective.
All right, that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.